In your eyes, I'm just a free meal ticket
Does it matter if I ignore you?
Ouch, disgusting.
Sorry, I was wrong.
It's not that I don't love you
I just... I just want a better life.
Didn't I give you a good life?
I earn money outside to support my family
I go home, I do my chores, I hold you in my hands.
I hold you in my heart
What did you do?
But I should have been better than this.
Wei Xin, if my brother hadn't died
With his ability
I can live a better life
Trust me against your will
I love you.
But if you want to be with me
You have to give me your best
So what do you want me to do?
Do you have the key to Jiang Lili's office bookcase?
spoon
You go and steal the design draft for his costume contest
Are you crazy?
That is the hard work of Brother An and his sister-in-law this month
I see.
But I contacted Rongmei's competitor.
He said as long as we steal the design draft
He can give us 100,000
Big heart 100,000
If this money
We can buy our own house
Weixin just this once
We take the money and leave
We can go to Guangcheng
Go to Hujiang
Have a life that belongs only to the two of us
Is your life good?
Brother An's sister-in-law is not good
What was burned in the costume design draft?